.
>>> I FEEL BADLY FOR PAUL
MART THINK IT'S BEEN VERY TOUGH
TIME FOR HIM.
IF YOU NOTICE BOTH HIS LAWYER,PI
U
N
T WANHIHEAT
AN OMMORNG,MPOW MDI. SEDDEMEROE0
LSEAALIEHEUTK, K PE TVEGPOASRP D
F
W
S
.
ACT VEDDG W
E RE HYEDRRKNDNIAWEN
.
V
D  CTRRIESINGNE
RTOR
N
SEMB
W HRE 1N
WSUS EAEN-ADYERE
A A
F
CO TSIOUSTAM TS
T.LLSTNG TO
Y . IRSLELE N
STH M  T ,ANEAVEDSEEUN
E E M FDI EARSI7KN P
HE, THECOERNDFTOUAM  PN D.
OT
BE LD,WH
ATF  D.OOS NOE
GU OUPEMYE
GU JOWREPAWI
UTYEITSECLIT  ELNGVE I.DEMI
DO
IS
UST NTDAIC TR
T
.
ICBUAS A B
W TMBFCEW WEN
RE
IOWA Y,AL W TS A GED MAI AS BTTC
WUSEAHERELEIC
TT
TSTTHNDENDUT
OIE. NR14ALYPOTH T T  , P O SAKS
Y
A
T
ASIORSI SSAN M>>N NA AER
EO T  ISUHEOPAT O
WGHSUKI ULS H
NORE  A MHENE
NG O
N
FTHPLHEUR ITHMEY.YOWO
I WRPS'SF
"LA MP W TTSSI,AV
SITHTEG
BEEUSUS
ACJUY
RE GHPT.'SNGE  DTHOY TA
W.  FRAM
TIDGT J A
19SAL TNKTHNTMIATREN N.>>NGE'
UT
RETUE  EAD
ALHA
REFUERAYN' IDOS VE
W
E
Y
R
'SLFU TT F WNRY   OU
NT
IRSAS
TEA JTHSS
O LLIDOUUSEOR
CRSTH A A
O
T
A  T 90NOHE L
MJA
IN
DE
Y WEYOH HT'NTU OMNDAOT
RYCOCCHIRU N14W,AN
F
16 RME  INGHI